[WIP] Conformance tests (#1670)
knative/eventing: test/test_images/eventdetails/README.md

# Event Details Image

> Validates received events and print deatails for conformance testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validates received events and prints details for conformance testing.
```

## Development 

Can be run without k8s for quick dev testing of code:

```
go run knative.dev/eventing/test/test_images/eventdetails
```

> And use [sendeventswithtracing](../sendeventswithtracing) to get events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And use [sendeventswithtracing](../sendeventswithtracing) to get events.
```
